We just wanted to take a chance today to
get you guys introduced to the board, and
we want to talk about some of its good
components, and also kind of give you
an idea of what kinds of the things
you can do with the DragonBoard 410c.
>> Like he said,
we'd like to talk to you about some
of the cool features on the board.
Starting off with the Qualcomm Snapdragon
processor, 400 series processor.
Right out of the box we noticed
immediately when we plugged it in for
the first time,
how fast this processor really is.
Running Android, Unbuntu,
everything just ran flawlessly, and
you'll actually notice as we go through
a lot of our projects in this course
it's able to handle it just perfectly.
Another cool thing about this
board is the connectivity.
So, we have Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and
GPS built in, right into the board.
So unlike other boards on the market,
you have to waste a USB slot on
a Dongle or something like that,
just to get connected to the internet
whereas this one just has a built-in.
We had no problems with it and
it's actually a really cool feature.
Another thing is just it's out of the box,
ready to program.
So if you prefer programming in Android,
Java, throw on the Android operating
system and get Android Studio.
Start making your first application.
If you feel like doing C or
Python, throw on Ubuntu operating system,
and get going with that.
We will throughout this course
show you how to do both methods or
both languages and
have some fun with that.
>> It's also important to note that
the board is compliant with 96Boards
Consumer Edition specification.
>> So if you have any ribbon cables or
shields or something like that
you purchased for another board,
they should be compatible with this one.
This board has been just a great product,
and
it's been really ideal for
use with embedded systems.
It's given us a lot of inspiration for
future projects.
We're looking at creating
an internet of things project.
And for those of you who don't know
what that means it's basically what
we're going to use the DragonBoard
as kind of a central hub, or
like a brain of the system,
and we'll be able to use it to control
a whole lot of other little things.
In the sense that, you know, personally
I wanted to be able to use the board to,
for my phone, trigger an application that
could open a door or turn on a light or
turn on my television,
kinda things like that.
And so one of our future projects
we'll have, in course three,
we'll actually gonna be making
a bunch of little projects, and
then later on connect them all
together into one central thing.
And so they'll all work together and
should be a lot of fun.
>> Yeah,
we're gonna walk you through that process.
It's gonna be a lot of fun, yeah.
On that same note, we'd like to talk to
you about some of the cool things you can
actually do with this board.
Especially when it comes
to internet of things.
You have robotics, of course robotics.
I mean we're talking about an all in one
board with a very powerful processor and
GPIO interfaces.
So.
You're gonna be able to manipulate all
sorts of cool robotics like projects.
You can run cameras create
medical devices and
we've even been told you can
make vending machines, so.
[LAUGH]
>> [LAUGH] Yeah.
>> We won't be doing that, but
it sounds like a lot of fun, so
you know, if that's what you'd like to do,
go for it.
Yeah, and there's all kinds of
fun things you can use this for
and a lot of other bigger,
larger applications.
For example, if you wanted to make
a smart building or a smart home.
Or if you wanted to set up
a system with solar panels.
Something kind of like a project me and
him worked on before where you use
the board as a central hub to be able to
control a lot of different like sensors
and voltages and things like that.
There's also uses in making LED signs so
you can have those big boards of LEDs and
get it to display messages.
We'll be working out the small scale
version of that later on in course three
but there's so many applications for this.
The options are endless.
You can do almost anything with it.
>> When he talks about smart buildings,
there's a lot of stuff on the market
right now where you can just go buy a
device and just put it into your house and
start working, but
I mean where's the fun in that?
We're going to show you
how to build it yourself.
We look forward to that.